# PyBer_Analysis
## Overview
Show the average fare versus the total number of rides with the total number of drivers for each city type, including urban, suburban, and rural.  Find the measurses of central tendencies like mean, median & mode for total number of rides, average fare values and total number of drivers for each city type.  Create plots that visualize each of the following to determine if there are any outliers for the number of rides for each city type, the fares for each city type & the number of drivers for each city type.  Create a chart that visualizes the following data for each city type, the percent of total fares, the percent of total rides & the percent of total drivers. 
## Results
This analysis shows that the urban cities had over 80% of the total drivers from the PyBer data, and were taking almost 69% of the total rides.  Urban city drivers saw around 63% of the total fare money, while suburban cities saw 30.5% of the total cash flow and rural towns 6.8%.  Rural towns had only 5.3% of the total rides completed while suburban cities saw just over a quarter of the total rides.  The rural towns did that with only 2.6% of the total population of drivers and suburban cities held 16.5% of the drivers included in the data. Rural towns had the lowest amount of rides but had higher average fares than the suburban cities, which also had higher average fares than the urban cities.
## Summary
For a way to increase profits it would make sense to hire more drivers for rural areas because they have higher fares than the urban and suburban areas.  Hiring more drivers for suburban & urban areas would also help increase profits for PyBer by allowing more fare money to come in to those higher populated areas.  Next the CEO could raise the fare price for urban areas to make more profit off of the lower priced fares.
